The result announced at the start of this evening isn't the one we were hoping for.
In any assumption, the right result isn't going to be the one which was announced.
As a matter of fact, the Ministry of the Interior will not disclose its final declaration until midnight.
Evidently, mediacrats and oligarchs won't stop gloating until then. They couldn't think of something more beautiful
than a second voting round between two candidates who both embrace and wish to perpetuate
the current institutions, expressing no concern for ecology or the danger
where the human civilization is, and both want to undermine, once again,
the most essential workers' rights in this country. Be that as it may, when the official results are in,
we will accept them no matter what they are.
I can't say or do anything more at this point. Each and every one of you knows fully well
what his or her duty is, and I accept that. I wasn't granted the right to speak
in the names of the 450,000 people who voted for me.
Let them therefore express themselves in the polls
so that their decision can be made public.
My beautiful country, my beautiful motherland, as well as all of you, we can be proud
of what we've undertaken and accomplished. We are a conscious and passionate force.
I call upon you to stay united, to form an active movement
for all the challenges we have mentioned, difficult as they may be,
remain to be taken on.
Those who are competing today for the honour to represent us have thoroughly proven
their inability to think said challenges through.
The coming hour and the coming days are those of characters and consciousness.
You the people, my beloved homeland, are a brand new morning starting to shine through.
Remaining true to the motto of the Republic :
Liberty, Equality, Fraternity.
Long life to the Republic and vive la France.